FTL Fuel Cost Attributes (#5609)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/tooltips.txt

tip "drag:"
	`Limits the maximum speed of a ship.`
	
tip "drive mass reference:"

> 	`The mass of your ship when this drive will function as advertised.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`If your ship has this mass, this drive will function as advertised.`
```
Could be changed another way, but the previous way seemed to indicate that the mass was being changed by the drive in some way.
